# Blendle Social Code

**We want you to feel safe, happy, free and able to express yourself authentically at Blendle. We won’t tolerate any form of bad behaviour, racism or (sexual) harassment. If any of this is happening (or you have the slightest feeling of discomfort), please speak up. We’ll support you. If you don’t feel comfortable talking to any of us, you can talk to our [confidential counsellor](https://www.notion.so/ceb925ba799f4dcab14bee5af3ffc0b8) (not a public link) at any time.**

This part of our handbook describes our social code in more detail. This social code describes what is acceptable and unacceptable behaviour when working at Blendle and the steps we will take to restore the values when someone violates them.

We were inspired after reading [this example from Workable](https://resources.workable.com/employee-code-of-conduct-company-policy) and used that as a starting point for this document.

**Why do we need this social code?**

By setting out our code our goal is to make sure it is crystal clear what is OK and what’s not. It is a starting point for healthy discussions, and we hope to support any feeling of mistreatment with it.

**Our social code**

We expect you to foster a well-organised, respectful and collaborative environment. You should avoid offending, participating in heated altercations and disrupting our workplace. We will not tolerate anyone intimidating, pestering, humiliating, victimizing or sabotaging others at Blendle. We also prohibit wilful discrimination based on age, sexual orientation, gender, ethnicity, race, religion or disability. This is by no means an exhaustive list but it gives an indication, use your common sense. You should also conform to [our inclusion and diversity policy](Diversity%20and%20Inclusion%206c111151f9014905b38f40e48e66ecda.md) in all aspects of your work, from recruitment and performance reviews to interpersonal relations. In general: ‘Do unto others as you would have them do unto you’.

This code applies to all employees, contractors, public visitors, customers and anyone else at Blendle with whom you come into contact.

[Addressing harassment](Addressing%20harassment%202f051f8e5f9640cc977ecced0575abfb.md)

[Sexual harassment](Sexual%20harassment%20eba9ff28104e490f8658cf943e166c87.md)

[General disciplinary measures](General%20disciplinary%20measures%20edeba8fbf2144f72aa9d6ffc9f627f45.md)

Good reads:

[How to Talk About Sexual Harassment](https://leanin.org/meeting-guides/how-to-talk-about-sexual-harassment)

We were inspired after reading this example from Workable and used that as a starting point for this document.

[Employee Code of Conduct Company Policy Template](https://resources.workable.com/employee-code-of-conduct-company-policy)